feat: Added IMemoryCache by default to the container (#955)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added `IMemoryCache` by default to the Service-Cotaniner. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `IMemoryCache` by default to the Services container. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).
```
